Docs update platform operator (#712)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.meshmarketplace.metering.md

### Configuring "out of scope" Sellers

> Platform operators can mark sellers as "out of scope" via configuration. Once a seller is marked as out of scope,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partners can mark sellers as "out of scope" via configuration. Once a seller is marked as out of scope,
```
